Setting up a small office using Cisco Packet Tracer

The office has three locations; viz, Location1 and Location2 and Location3. The IP addresses of the PC's at one of the location should be pulled using the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP). Subsequently, the IP addresses of all the PC's at another location should be pulled using the DHCP relay agent. In the first two locations, resides three teams (in each location) ,viz, the Marketing team, the IT team and the Finance team, all consisting of 10 PC's each. Each team has been assigned a team leader. The team leaders should be able to ping each other, however, they should not be able to ping their respective team members. Further, a team member is allowed to ping the other team member of the same team at the same location but is not allowed to ping to other team member of the same team who resides at a different location. The third location consists of an Audit team and Management team. The Audit team and Management team are allowed to ping each other and the team leaders residing at both the location. Similarly, the team leaders can ping each other and the audit and management team. There resides a security engineer at the third location at a different floor. The security engineer should be able to ping the team leaders and the audit and the management team at the third location. Besides, the team members at the first two locations and the security engineer should not be able to ping each other. Further, there exists a special committee of two members, who are able to ping each other. The special committee should be able to ping the security engineer and vice versa. The special committee should be able to ping both Audit team and Management team. Similarly, the Audit team and Management team should also be able to ping the special committee. The offices at all the three locations should be in different networks. The switches and routers are subject to initial configuration.
